Forest gang bang by Defth begins here.

[Forest event - wolves gang bang]

FeralWolfSpecialFightNumber is a number that varies;

Pack bang is a situation.
The sarea of Pack bang is "Forest".
When play begins:  
	add Pack bang to badspots of feral;
	add Pack Bang to badspots of guy;
	
Instead of resolving a Pack bang:
	Say "     Going around what appears to be a darker path in the south part of the forest, the place looks abandoned, leaves crack under your feet, branches that had overgrown the path get in your way. The only signal that something was here is the path in itself, big enough for walks or bicycles, sometimes you see walls with overgrown herbs on it. It looks really peaceful but the noises in the background make sure to show you are not alone in here. Howls permeate the place, echoing in the dark part where your eyes can’t tell what is happening in there. But this you know, you are the prey of a pack of wolves.";
	Say "     You feel your heart beating faster, quick you need to make a choice: Do you run away? Or stay and confront your enemies?";
	say "     ([link]Y[as]y[end link]) – Run away.";
	say "     ([link]N[as]n[end link]) – Stay and fight.";
	if player consents:
		WaitLineBreak;
		Say "     You turn tail and run as fast as you can, but the wolves notice and hunt you down. Your muscles burn and scream, the branches hit your face making small cuts on it, but you don’t dare to slow down. Your hunters are left behind except for one, probably the leader of the pack stays close to you, his bestial stamina gaining on you. But a root on your way give him the jump he needed to catch you, and soon you are on the ground, only one is in your way now so the fight  is going to be easier, but you need to be quick or the rest will catch up.";
		wait for any key;
		challenge "Feral Wolf";
		now Pack bang is resolved;
	Otherwise:
		WaitLineBreak;
		now inasituation is false;
		now FeralWolfSpecialFightNumber is 1;
		Say "     You turn around facing the pack of wolves that were hunting you, there are probably five feral wolves in different stages of the infection – with some looking almost like true wolves and what appears to be the smallest one still having some rip clothes attached to his body and what would look like a normal hairstyle in a teenager. But they all look hungry, with their red cocks pointing out of their sheaths, those red spears pointing at you almost as if saying they are going to use you for release, if you want it or not. ";
		wait for any key;
		challenge "Feral Wolf";
		if fightoutcome >= 20 and fightoutcome <= 29:    [lost]
			say "    The dogs attack your exhausted body, every single one of them wanting to satisfy their lust with your body, the first one jumps on your back penetrating your [if cunts of player > 0]cunt [otherwise]ass [end if]the others growl and bark at their companion's greed, and your moans are soon silenced by another as he jumps on your face, forcing your lips on his red spear. You gag on his cock as the wolf doesn't care about you, your tongue is squished inside your mouth to make space for his mad humping. His balls hit your chin, his paws are hugging tight against the back of your head, his growing knot presenting you what is to come.";
			say "     With both trying to knot you. The one fucking you face pushes his knot against your lips forcing your maw to open almost unhinging and snapping. Your eyes tear with the pain and your throat burns with the huge dick throbbing as it spill hot cum directly in your gullet. The other one turns around now that he has knotted you and with this another dog jumps at you, penetrating your asshole. The sudden penetration makes you get away from the one knotting your mouth. Your face finally free and dripping with your attackers cum.";
			WaitLineBreak;
			say "     The other dogs look angry and are fighting the one knotted in your pussy. You are pulled and pushed to your limits, and in a vain struggle to scream the pain your mouth is penetrated by another of the dog who hadn't a turn yet. you feel hot cum filling your intestines as the one on your ass finally cums, but he doesn't get a chance to knot you as both dogs on your back are pushed from you. Your holes gape without a cock, especially a knotted cock, and the cold wind of the forest send chills down your spine. The dogs fighting for a turn is now but a background noise. But your rest doesn't last long as other dogs finally fuck you.";
			say "     You are always used by at least two of the horny wolves, in fact sometimes you felt more than two cocks penetrating your now loose asshole[if cunts of player > 0] and another one inside your drenched pussy[else].[end if] Your mouth hurts from all the use and all you can taste right now is the taste of wolf's cum, you stomach aching with how it's full, since it was filled from both ends. But the wolves are now long gone, leaving you in a pool of cum. But this finally gives you enough time to rest, until you are finally good enough to go back to your adventures.";
			now Pack bang is resolved;
			move player to bunker;
		else if fightoutcome >= 30:     [fled]
			say "You finally run away from the wolves, leaving this part of the forest for good this time.";
		else if fightoutcome >= 10 and fightoutcome <= 19:     [won]
			say "[beatferalwolf]";
			WaitLineBreak;

Forest gang bang ends here.
